Over the years scientists have come to agree that
craters are not fissures of volcanic character
on the contrary it would only be the result of the impact of the meteorite
on the surface of the planet
the connections between celestial bodies are frequent and in the world
results in the union of both
the captors
can therefore provide clues to how planets grow
we know for example that the surface of the moon the same as that of tercovi the
recent project similar and not as it has always been
when we send to the world we have a pretty accurate idea of ​​what aspect
he had the land immediately after its creation
a vice president
It is a drama that began about four thousand 600 million years ago
when the universe I had 10 initials of years
we do not know with precision
what happened more than four thousand 500 million years ago
but if we have a basic idea
the dust is that they were scattered throughout the universe
they began to concentrate and form a spiral of very hot gas
in the core of the spiral
started the combustion of the molten materials
this was the birth of the star we call
Around the sun
other solid bodies were formed
these were the earth and the other planets
according to curry this process
the gas began to cool
and in the same way that steam produces water droplets
it began to condense
to the result we carry blanton
I want a big ball of charcoal with a diameter of 10
kilometer
if there were a large number
an estimate assumes a number greater than one million million
maybe it was not surprising that they started to collide with each other
sometimes the plans where it was fragmented
sometimes they joined to form a larger body
lime
the collisions
continued to occur for many years
finally a change took place in the way collisions occur
gradually
began to suffer among the small planetoids a body much larger than
we
as its mass was growing
severity attracted more and more puts workshops
every time they collided their growth accelerated
this teacher
port growing in size an increasing rate
p
for today
i 1
what we just saw
it has been the creation of the original earth
and following this cycle Mercury Venus planets were also created and
Tuesday
immediately after its creation
showed the traces of all those conditions
its surface appeared covered
the process however
continued and has been reinforced
in primitive periods the surface of our planet was covered in
leganés
let's make our idea of ​​its appearance
if we look at the surface of the moon
rondón of the craters appear almost as they were originally
4,600 million years later
the appearance of the land little information can contribute
sectors
according to the statement
bush discover new clues
characters that have been formed most recently
observations made from artificial satellites
confirm the existence of more than 100 tractors on the surface of the earth
a considerable
is in canada